Add ADR for AWX automation (#1072)
emory-libraries/dlp-curate: architecture-decisions/0003-AWX-for-dlp-automation.md

# 3. AWX-for-dlp-automation

* Status: Accepted
* Date: 2020-03-05

## Context

> The team has been developing Ansible roles for a wide varity of issues. They govern everything from building the EC2s to backing up individual componets of DLP. We need a neutral platform to run these roles on. This platform would need to be able to run the playbooks on demand or scheduled. Red Hat provides two solutions: AWX and Ansible Tower. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The team has been developing Ansible roles for a wide variety of issues. They govern everything from building the EC2s to backing up individual components of DLP. We need a neutral platform to run these roles on. This platform would need to be able to run the playbooks on demand or scheduled. RedHat provides two solutions: AWX and Ansible Tower. 
```

Reviewer: I think playbooks are collections of commands Ansible would run on a target machine. Is that correct? Can you give an example of a playbook?

Reviewer: I am also unsure what you mean by neutral platform here.

## Decision

> AWX is the upline, free version of Ansible Tower. It is available primary as docker images. AWX is capable of running playbooks as required.

Reviewer: I'm not familiar with what you mean by 'upline' here. Can you explain?

## Consequences

> Since AWX runs in docker, some knowledge of docker will need to be developed by the team.

Reviewer: Can you clarify what knowledge would need to be developed?

Reviewer: From slack, it sounds like AWX will require a new shibboleth integration, a new LDAP group, and administrators for that group. Please add those details to this section (It doesn't need to address who would administer the group, though).

> AWX is not supported officially by Red Hat, they support only the offcial paid version Ansible Tower. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AWX is not supported officially by RedHat, they support only the offcial paid version Ansible Tower. 
```

> ## Alternatives

Reviewer: Please add Capistrano to this section, and talk about what we want to do that it can't handle.

Reviewer: Another alternative is what we do now. This should be straight-forward to write, and be full of CONs.

This section briefly outlines the alternatives we could have taken, with PRO's and CON's.

### Use Ansible Tower

- PRO: Officially supported by Red Hat
- PRO: Does not require docker knowledge

> - CON: Licensing scheme is inventory based

Reviewer: I think an Ansible inventory is the enumeration of servers that would have Ansible installed on them, right? Roughly equal to the number of EC2s we have?
